=Sugar and Lies=
(A Different Her: The Women's Trilogy)
=Episode 16=
=The Daangerous Game of Heartbeats=
Morning.
You're up.
Perfect timing.
Let's add a few more clauses
to the contract while we have breakfast.
Clause One.
Neither party shall interfere..
Mrs. Yu,
your work spirit took over again.
Alright then, I'll set the first clause.
During the contract period,
Party B
shall not
have close contact with any man
other than Party A
or engage in
unnecessary physical touch,
such as but not limited to
pulling or tugging,
or arms around shoulders.
Keep going.
Also,
don't mess with each other's stuff.
No problem.
Then let's hope
we both stick to the deal.
Mr. Yu.
Better take care of yourself first.
My brother's been watching me
closely lately.
The way he looks at me
feels off.
If he finds out we're together,
I'm scared that...
Miaomiao,
don't be.
I'll keep you safe.
Besides,
your brother's attention right now
is mostly on Ding Daang.
The little bit that's left
was all given to Keep Love.
Does that mean we don't have to
keep hiding like this anymore?
We can finally be together openly.
Trust me,
our good days
are ahead of us.
Miaomiao, remember,
don't go soft at crucial moments.
When it's time to be tough,
be a little tougher.
It's all for our own good.
Got it,
Mr. Hu.
Did you read the script yet?
Sorry,
I'm doing this alone today.
What do you mean by that?
He means he's hosting it alone.
Zhou Haoran, I'm talking to you.
Cat got your tongue?
I've got something official
to tell you,
you're fired.
You're firing me?
Why?
No reason.
Zhou Haoran,
you're just scared I'll outshine you.
Burning bridges now, huh?
Maimai, calm down.
That's exactly what he means.
Fine.
Zhou Haoran,
you just wait and see.
With or without love,
just follow your heart
and say it out loud.
Just be straightforward.
(Suga Love)
The cake didn't offend you, did it?
What's up?
Feeling down?
I know Yu Kun forced him into it,
but he acted completely cold.
You know it was just an act.
So why get upset?
He's just Yu Kun's lapdog
and bites whoever Yu Kun points at.
Let me tell you,
I've finally figured it out.
Men are all the same—none worth trusting.
You only realized that now?
Here.
Have some cake
to heal your hurt feelings.
Get your mood back on track.
Received by Miss Gu.
Special delivery from Mr. Zhou.
Refused.
Mr. Zhou said,
it's pretty pricey.
So maybe don't turn it down.
You can always resell it online later.
Looks like
someone hit your soft spot again.
Did he?
Not a chance.
President Yu.
Mr. Steven
is still confident
about Keep Love's growth.
He heard about
that small incident last time,
but thinks it's no big deal.
Please thank him
for his kind support.
But recently, Keep Love
has been running smoothly.
Our funding is steady.
We don't need extra investment for now.
Good.
President Yu, you seem pretty confident.
Is it because of Miss Ding Daang's
substantial
inheritance, right?
But you know,
before the money's in hand,
things can still change.
I've passed the message.
President Yu, think it over again.
Mr. Steven's offer is sincere.
I'll take my leave.
Boss, stay calm.
Hu Yitong is here to stir things up.
Ding Daang is just a piece
in your plan.
Mind your own business.
I'm your partner,
not some servant you hired.
Can't you put away your own clothes?
I never asked you to.
But then again,
a couple is one unit.
Mrs. Yu.
It doesn't matter who does them.
Drawing too many lines hurts feelings.
Alright.
Put them away yourself.
I'm heading out.
Where are you going?
Clause two of the contract.
Both parties
shall not interfere
in each other's private life,
including
work, emotions, and social life.
You're not allowed to go.
Why not?
Clause three of the contract,
during the contract period,
each must give emotional support
to the other.
So what then?
I ordered dinner.
Your favorite Hunan dishes.
It's for two. Stay.
Or it'll go to waste.
What if I say no?
Then it's a breach.
Shameless.
Mrs. Yu.
So eager to throw yourself at me?
I'm going to change now.
Don't follow me.
It's not like I haven't seen before.
Clause five: separate rooms.
Go back to your own room.
Miss Ding.
This big house of yours feels so empty.
Only this room
is warm
and actually interesting to stay in.
My favorite room.
Let me remind you,
you broke the contract.
Go back to your room right now.
How much is the penalty?
I'll pay double.
It's really expensive.
Everything has a price, doesn't it?
It's priceless.
What are you looking at?
I'm trying to see
how thick your skin is.
Your ear
is turning red.
I still want to break the contract tonight.
Just one last time.
Alright?
No way.
Remember,
doing as you're told
is your only option.
Otherwise…
I've got plenty of ways
to deal with you.
Why didn't you tell me
about Hu Yitong and Miaomiao's meeting.
Boss.
Maybe Miaomiao has her own plan.
Once we finish this job,
we'll leave Mancheng.
I want to stay.
(Warning)
Ding Daang was in an accident.
♪I forgot this is a movie meant for one♪
♪Somehow you're still here,
crying with me♪
♪They say♪
♪Lovers should never hold hands
while watching a sad movie♪
♪Some endings cannot be changed♪
♪They don't belong in sweet memories♪
♪I've already lost you♪
♪Thinking of it takes my breath away♪
♪The movie ends, so many couples around♪
♪Yet none were ever like us♪
♪The past will always pass♪
♪If you could still hold me tight
in your arms♪
♪I'd believe
that there are miracles in love♪
♪I'd prove
that I'm still in love with you♪
♪I've learned how to cherish
what we had♪
♪But sadly, it's not you♪